feat(changelog): jobs-added-multiple-cron-triggers-for-serverless-jobs 2026-06-19 (#6616)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2026/2026-06-19-jobs-added-multiple-cron-triggers-for-serverless-jobs.mdx

---
title: Multiple cron triggers for Serverless Jobs
status: added
date: 2026-06-19
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

We upgraded how cron works for Scaleway Serverless Jobs, shifting from a single schedule to a powerful, multi-trigger model.
- **Multiple cron triggers:** You can now attach multiple distinct cron schedules to a single Serverless Job, allowing for complex, multi-timeframe automation.
- **Dynamic overrides:** Each trigger can independently override the job's default startup command and arguments. This gives you the flexibility to run the same codebase but process different tasks, environments, or parameters depending on when or how the job is triggered.

> - **Schedule field deprecation**: current CRON schedules will continue to be executed but the field is marked as deprecated to encourage the usage of triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Schedule field deprecation**: Current CRON schedules will continue to be executed but the field is marked as deprecated to encourage the usage of triggers.
```

> For more informations [read the dedicated documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-jobs/how-to/manage-job-triggers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, [read the dedicated documentation](/serverless-jobs/how-to/manage-job-triggers/).
```
